Judgment Day afraid politicians as
voters have their say
the train driver escapes with his life
after a frightening rocket tank
Australian two main passengers rescued
from a sinking cruise ship this is
national 9 news with Brett McLeod
good evening Victoria's polling booths
have closed and dispute and detectives
say they're keen to talk to her former
partner a train drivers had a lucky
escape after a rock was thrown at his
window as he left Bayswater station
Henry Trimble was taken to hospital with
an eye injury but says it could have
been much worse
Caroline Rondo with more Henry Trimble
surveyed the damage and considered the
consequences had the rock smashed a
window other than his own it's in fact
rock had a hit alongside of the Train it
could have been someone killed it was
just ridiculous
though girls that could have been
seriously injured the 1127 p.m. city
bound train had just departed Bayswater
station with approximately 200
passengers on board the 48 year-old
father of two was around 300 meters up
the track when the large rock thrown
from the left-hand elevated bank hit the
small side windows Oh a sudden you get
this little mighty bang and you just
shared with class and it just son
believes what I said it's like a bomb
going off it's just so frightening with
glass embedded in his right eye Henry
who's been driving trains for 27 years
hit the emergency brake and called for
his colleagues help he then drove slowly
to Ringwood station where he was taken
by ambulance to maroon to hospital got
scratches across the face of the eyes
they recognized should be okay I'll know
within the next 24 hours while targeted
attacks on train drivers like this one
are rare rock-throwing incidents are not
conic says they're increasing and
reporting up to 60 attacks a month we've
got to think what they're doing what
they're thrown at it not just a train
it's the people inside the trains are
the ones that are going to get seriously
hurt Caroline Rondo national 9 News ten
Australians run